# PRIVACY POLICY

SWIFTACE AI PRIVATE LIMITED ("Us" or "We" or "Our" or "Jovian.ml" ) operates the website available at www.jovian.ml or any other Platform which will be made available to render the Services (“Platform”).

This page informs You of Our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when You use Our Platform and the choices You have associated with that data (hereinafter referred to as “Privacy Policy”).

We use your data to provide and improve the Platform. By using the Platform, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The terms which have not been defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to them as stated in the Terms of Service . You accept this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal data about You by Us when you voluntarily provide the Personal Data to sign up for, access, or use any products, Services, content, features, technologies or functions offered by Us.

**DISCLAIMER**

A. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE SUSTAINED BY REASON OF ANY DISCLOSURE (INADVERTENT OR OTHERWISE) OF ANY DATA, IF THE SAME IS EITHER (A) REQUIRED UNDER SHARING YOUR INFORMATION FOR LEGITIMATE PURPOSES; OR (B) WAS EFFECTED THROUGH NO FAULT, ACT, OR OMISSION OF THE COMPANY.

B. BY REGISTERING ON OUR PLATFORM OR BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU EXPLICITLY ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF THE DATA IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED HEREIN.

C. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES UNDER LAW.

**DEFINITIONS**

1. **Personal Data**

   Personal Data means data about a natural person who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in Our possession or likely to come into Our possession).

2. **Sensitive Personal Data**

   Sensitive personal data means such personal information which consists of information relating to; (i) password; (ii) financial information such as bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details; and (iii) any detail relating to the above mentioned points as provided to Us for using the Platform.

3. **Usage Data**

   Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the Use of the Platform or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

4. **“You” or “User(s)**” shall mean any end user including but not limited to an individual which has completed the account registration process, as described under account registration below. Unless repugnant to the context thereof, the term “User” shall also include any casual visitor of the Platform.

5. **“Services”**

   "Service(s)" shall mean services provided through the Platform. The Services provided through the Platform may change from time to time, at the sole discretion of the Company.

**INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve Our Services/Platform to You.

**A. Personal Data**

While using Our Platform, We may ask You to provide Us with certain Personal Data that can be used to contact or identify You. Personal Data shall be collected at the time of registration and We may collect Personal Data including, but not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Your company’s name
- Location
- Date of birth

We will collect Personal Data from the Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to Us. We collect information sent to the operation system by your computer, mobile phone or other access device. Users can always refuse to supply Personal Data, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain parts of Our Platform or availing Our Services.

**B. Usage Data**

We may also collect information how the Platform is accessed and used. This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), passwords, browser type, browser version, the pages of Our Platform that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

**C. Tracking Cookies Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Platform and We hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse Our Platform.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use some portions of Our Platform.

Examples of Cookies We use:

- **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate Our Platform.
- **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
- **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

**2. USE OF DATA**

The Personal Data collected by Us shall be used for availing Our Platform and utilised for other functions including but not limited to:

- maintaining the Platform
- notifying You about changes to Our Platform
- allowing You to participate in interactive features of Our Platform when You choose to do so
- providing customer care and support
- providing analysis or valuable information so that We can improve the Platform
- monitoring the usage of the Platform
- detecting, preventing and addressing technical issues

We process this Personal Data for these purposes given Our legitimate interest in improving Our Platform and your experience while using Our Platform.

**3. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH YOUR CONSENT**

Where you have provided consent, We share your information, including Personal Data as described at the time of consent, such as when You authorize a third party application or website to access your Jovian account or when You participate in promotional activities conducted by Jovian partners or third parties.

We further share the information for the following purposes:

A. To help facilitate Services or other interactions between the Users, We may need to share certain information, including Personal Data.

B. The Services lets you publish information, including Personal Data that is visible to the general public. For example: Parts of your public profile page, such as your first name, your description, and city, are publicly visible to others. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, your email address and contact details are not shared with other Users, until and unless you have provided an explicit consent to Us allowing sharing of such information.

C. We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, Platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc.) with third-parties to better understand usage patterns for certain content, Services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of the Services. Your account settings would be kept confidential and shall not be shared with any third party. Any Personal Data pertaining to your account shall not be used by Us for any website/application other than Our Platform.

D. Employees /Agents of Jovian: We follow a strict confidentiality policy with regard to disclosure of confidential information to Our employees or other personnel. There may be situations, where We may disclose the confidential information only to those of Our employees and other personnel on a need to know basis. Any breach of confidential information by the employees, personnel within Jovian is dealt with stringently by Us.

E. If the Company undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then We may sell, transfer or share some or all of Our assets, including your information in connection with such transaction or in contemplation of such transaction (e.g., due diligence). In this event, We will notify you before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Further, We may share information with Our subsidiaries and affiliates to help Us provide Our Platform or conduct data processing on Our behalf only after you have provided the consent.

**4. TRANSFER OF DATA**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to Us, please note that We transfer the data, including Personal Data, to India and process it in India.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

**5. DATA RETENTION**

Subject to applicable law, Jovian may continue to hold data till the purpose for providing such data has been fulfilled. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, Jovian may retain data including but limited to the following purposes:

a. If there is an unresolved issue or an unresolved claim or dispute;

b. If We are required to by applicable law; and/or in aggregated and/or anonymized form; or

c. Jovian may also retain certain information if necessary for its legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security.

**6. DISCLOSURE OF DATA**

Jovian may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Jovian
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Platform
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Platform or the public
- To protect against legal liability

**7. SECURITY OF DATA**

We have complied with reasonable security practices and procedures, and have a comprehensive information security programme and information security policy that shall contain managerial, technical, operational and physical security control. The measures We undertake may include, where appropriate, the use of firewalls, secure server facilities, implementing proper access rights management systems and processes, careful selection of processors, standard authentication and encryption policies for Our servers and other technically and commercially reasonable measures. However, We cannot guarantee in any way with respect to any information that you upload transmit, share or display through the Platform and you do so at your own risk

**8. RIGHTS WHICH ARE PROVIDED TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA**

You are entitled (in the circumstances and under the conditions, and subject to the exceptions, set out in applicable law) to:

a. Request access to the Personal Data We process about you: this right entitles you to know whether We hold Personal Data about you and, if We do, to obtain information on and a copy of that Personal Data.

b. Request a rectification of your Personal Data: this right entitles you to have your Personal Data be corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.

c. Object to the processing of your Personal Data: this right entitles you to request that Jovian no longer processes your Personal Data.

d. Request the erasure of your Personal Data: this right entitles you to request the erasure of your Personal Data, including where such Personal Data would no longer be necessary to achieve the purposes.

e. Request the restriction of the processing of your Personal Data: this right entitles you to request that Jovian only processes your Personal Data in limited circumstances, including with your consent.

f. Request portability of your Personal Data: this right entitles you to receive a copy (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) of Personal Data that you have provided to Jovian, or request Jovian transmit such Personal Data to another data controller.

**9. LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

Our Platform may contain links to other sites that are not operated by Us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or Services.

**10. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

**11. FORCE MAJEURE**

We shall be not be responsible for any loss or wrongful sharing of information resulting from, industry wide shortages of labour or material, acts of war or civil disruption, governmental action, acts of God and other natural disasters which is beyond the reasonable control of Us.

**12. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Platform, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**13. MANDATORY DISCLOSURES**

We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your Personal Data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where We or third parties acting on Our behalf operate. We may also disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable law to defend Our legitimate interests, for example, in legal proceedings or in connection with governmental requests and filings.

**14. USER RIGHTS**

You have a right to know what Personal Data We hold about you, and to access it. You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data updated. You have the right to request that your personal data be erased, and to obtain a copy of your data in a machine-readable format. You have the right to object to or restrict processing in certain circumstances, such as where you believe the data is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful. You have a right to unsubscribe from direct marketing messages and to request that We stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes or on other compelling legal grounds. However, if You opt-out from marketing and other communications from Us, critical alerts may still be sent to you.

You may exercise your rights by contacting Us or by managing Your account and choices on Our Platform. In some cases, especially if You wish Us to delete or stop processing Your Personal Data, this may also mean that We may not be able to continue to provide the Services to You. Applicable data protection law may provide certain restrictions on the extent to which these rights may be exercised. If a restriction applies, We will respond to Your request with an explanation of what action will be taken, to the extent required under applicable data protection law.

**15. CONTROLLER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA**

SWIFTACE AI PRIVATE LIMITED is the controller of Your personal data. In addition, Our affiliate providing the Services may be a controller of Your personal data. You may find the identity of the controller and its contact details by reviewing the terms and conditions of such Services or by using contact information provided in the applicable websites

**16. GRIEVANCE OFFICER**

We have appointed a grievance officer who shall address any discrepancies and grievances of the provider of the data with respect to processing of information in a time-bound manner.

Name: \***\*\_\_\_\*\***

Email address: \***\*\_\*\***

Contact details: **\*\***\_**\*\***

**17. CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Us:

- By email: \***\*\_\_\_\*\***

**YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS**

BY USING OR VISITING THIS PLATFORM, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT OF THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS PLATFORM OR SERVICES
